CASMTRIAGE-6744 Update README.md (#4800)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: operations/kubernetes/encryption/README.md

    ncn-m001 configuration updated ensure all control plane nodes run this same command
    ```

> > **`NOTE`** Ensure above command is executed successfully on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further. Wait for minimum ten minutes and then see [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **`NOTE`** Ensure that the above command is executed successfully on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further. Wait for a minimum of ten minutes and then see [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.
```

        At this point, encryption of `etcd` secrets will be back to default.

> > **`NOTE`** Ensure above command is executed successfully on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further. Wait for minimum ten minutes and then see [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **`NOTE`** Ensure that the above command is executed successfully on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further. Wait for a minimum of ten minutes and then see [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.
```

    Waiting for daemon set "cray-k8s-encryption" rollout to finish: 2 of 3 updated pods are available...
    daemon set "cray-k8s-encryption" successfully rolled out
    ```

> > **`NOTE`** Ensure above command is executed only if all control plane nodes have successfully completed encryption / decryption i.e. status is same on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further.
> See [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **`NOTE`** Ensure that the above command is executed only if all control plane nodes have successfully completed encryption / decryption, for instance, the status is the same on every control plane node in the cluster before proceeding further.
See [Encryption status](#encryption-status) for details on how to check this.
```
